Synopsis
Smart classes were the best innovation one would can expect in Edtech,but was the concept completely feesible or was it only a status symbol for modern schools to increase their demans among competiotion.
This is the Edtech that I feel we have not enhanced to its level and have sette in a state that is not progressing to its extent.

So why Edtech?
Edtech is important aspect in busisness as well technology that has infinte scope,people are bound to study and get education,the people being educated is increasing as government is increasing awareness among the unpriviliged citizens of country and help them to have the access to education.

and education can be easily taught and help students to learn concepts that might be difficult for them to understand.

What needs to be done?
Open source community is the solution to this problem as for now the current market is focused on propriteary smart classes and their propriteary softwares for education,that too not easy for some teachers to utilise their potential because they never have used computers before.
Training teachers isnot a full fledge soulution as you can't train teachers in 15 days that they can further teach their students,they can sustain themselves with the training but will not be much help to the students.
 e technicians can be pointed along with open source communtiy that will create a free to leaarn platform where they cn monetizze their work and will earn commision through ad network when a smart class is operated and the e technician will be available on chat that will remotely access the smart class for the teacher.
why current market is expensive?
1 proprietary technology
2 expensive designs
3 selected propritary content

what we actually require?
A Basic Desktop.
Projector.
Open Source Communtiy

major issue costing,how can a small aided school have access to smart class?
Our system require a basic computer a projector and free to use open source community
the setup will cost just 50 thousand rupees and a small school might be having computer in their labs which can further reduce their costing,so the school can be smart class enabled by 10% the amount require for the propriteary setup of a smart class.
With open source community and freelaners available in the market the quality content can be a boon to the students.
As we have seen in the pandemic that many busisnesses went out of busisness even food delivery partners have to shift to deliver necesary items for a time to survive,but this EdTech industry thrive even in the worst conditions of the market,and its growth is infinte because as the population is increasing students need to educate and learn,and they are only the basic audience we can target every type of market who have a passion to learn and understand.

Thank You!!!




 